okay today I gotta haul for you because
I'm gonna get a dog thursday at the
animal shelter he's a Siberian Husky in
today's Tuesday so I was like Mondays
okay and then I'm gonna have like
another hall cuz I'm gonna go to
petsmart that day so okay first I got
this tugging too by the way everything
is from walmart okay I got this chugga
choo made by Uncle Sam surgeons Uncle
Sam's oh yeah so cool okay if you want
to any of the prices just calm down
below and I'll tell you them then I got
this for so fresh um hi white shampoo
for all dogs but i am the huskies wide
am getting so this will be like really
good cuz he has like I seen him in yeah
like stains in his coat and this gets
out stains and stuff so that's that next
I got this mane and tail conditioner I
got some for my horse and I work really
well in his tangles so I'm gonna use
some my dog and you can use it for
humans to I used it wanted to meet my
hair like really soft so this works
really well so I recommend this okay
your house keys really do need
conditioner because like you know then I
got this home why are you had this this
was for my horse but like giggle cuts
and like you didn't have that think of
Maine or anything so it's supposed to be
main tail comb I'm using this for my dog
like it would be good for his dick birth
but you can't use is really hard because
it would hurt them it's like really
sharp this was 99 cents that actually
this was contracted fly so it's not that
expensive so it's sturdy
then I got these Uncle Sam snack options
bag because gave one to my uncle's dog
and she liked loved it ty recommend
these then these star just like whinnies
cookies one of these my horse that's why
they're going to us so that's lice in
this bag stay fresh then I got please
coogi choose mini knots 3-pack there's
three of one time then three of another
time beef and cheese over and american
beef I cheats for dogs then I got normal
dog toy nothing special then I got these
rawhide curl okay to pack then i got
these there rawhide flat bars hey these
work I'm just going to pisces these are
99 cents I'm not gonna buy them against
they don't they don't look like they're
worth some money 9 99 steps Carole they
break easily 25 I got more of a trap
this year I this isn't back but I opened
it to make it fresh and if these things
take the wrap off if for horses dogs and
cats I use this for my horse before
because he got a cut but this works
really well as its absorbent oh so i
have this from a dog purple you always
have to have like a vet kit for your dog
it's good then I got this jelly scrubber
mint
this is for horses but it works well
with dick coated dogs like I already
have one for my horse I bought another
one for my dog so what you do it like
this side first circular motions and
that are you or you could use it for
this but this is the way you use our
horses so when I got some extra bags for
things then I got please harness medium
size please not that big yet but this
can make it bigger see like that welcome
you know normal harness yes I gotta
check spot to go there for a lot of
things I bought a pack of these the
other ones or somewhere else I don't
remember I gave one my horse oh here's
one this is like purple washcloth for
the dog's face in his paws between his
paws so it's good to have one of these
and then that's it oh yeah and I just
have this webkinz I bought it for his
toy well I got when I was littler I
never used it so I just took the tag off
and and that is it I'll let stuff like
up I'm gonna get more day I get a dog oh
and i just got a cuppa that I feed him
came to the pack the other ones are in
the bathroom but it's really good to
have one of these you don't overfeed
your dog like to it two cups in the
morning maybe two cups at night you only
need that see them like if you're giving
them treats a lot so or if they're like
bigger dogs you'll have to feed them
more but if they're little you don't
have you can only give you should do
like one cup three times a day maybe
okay so that's it bye